Add `Kosmos-2` model (#24709)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/kosmos-2.md

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

# KOSMOS-2

## Overview

The KOSMOS-2 model was proposed in [Kosmos-2: Grounding Multimodal Large Language Models to the World]
(https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.14824) by Zhiliang Peng, Wenhui Wang, Li Dong, Yaru Hao, Shaohan Huang, Shuming Ma, Furu Wei

> KOSMOS-2 is a Transformer-based causal language model and is trained using the next-word prediction task on a web-scale
> dataset of grounded image-text pair [GRIT](https://huggingface.co/datasets/zzliang/GRIT). The spatial coordinates of the
> bounding boxes are converted to a sequence of location tokens, which are appended to their respective text spans. The
> data format is similar to “hyperlink” that connect the object regions in an image to their text span in the
> corresponding caption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KOSMOS-2 is a Transformer-based causal language model and is trained using the next-word prediction task on a web-scale
dataset of grounded image-text pairs [GRIT](https://huggingface.co/datasets/zzliang/GRIT). The spatial coordinates of the
bounding boxes are converted to a sequence of location tokens, which are appended to their respective text spans. The
data format is similar to “hyperlinks” that connect the object regions in an image to their text span in the
corresponding caption.
```

This model was contributed by [Yih-Dar SHIEH](https://huggingface.co/ydshieh). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/microsoft/unilm/tree/master/kosmos-2).

<Tip warning={true}>

> Kosmos-2 modeling code in Transformers is for finetuning and inferencing the pre-trained Kosmos-2 models.

Author: I added this at the moment when I haven't implement `_init_weights`, so I wanted to warn the user it was not good to use this to train from scratch.

(But even the original Kosmos-2 is not trained from scratch - the vision part is from the pretrained CLIP)

the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

# KOSMOS-2

## Overview

The KOSMOS-2 model was proposed in [Kosmos-2: Grounding Multimodal Large Language Models to the World]
(https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.14824) by Zhiliang Peng, Wenhui Wang, Li Dong, Yaru Hao, Shaohan Huang, Shuming Ma, Furu Wei

KOSMOS-2 is a Transformer-based causal language model and is trained using the next-word prediction task on a web-scale
dataset of grounded image-text pairs [GRIT](https://huggingface.co/datasets/zzliang/GRIT). The spatial coordinates of
the bounding boxes in the dataset are converted to a sequence of location tokens, which are appended to their respective

> text spans. The data format is similar to “hyperlinks” that connect the object regions in an image to their text span in

Author: just like `I love <object>this dog [patch_index_x] [patch_index_y] </object>` , the text span here for `[patch_index_x] [patch_index_y]`
